[SwiftLint] Add note for params files for `path` option (#500)
sider/sider-docs: docs/tools/swift/swiftlint.md

This option allows you to specify a file or directory to analyze.

This also allows you to specify a special format `"@path/to/file"` (concatenation of `@` and a file name). You can create a file which contains a list of file names to be analyzed as shown below and pass it to the analyzer with this option.

```text
test1.swift
test2.swift
foo/test3.swift
```

> 

Reviewer: [suggestion] How about adding a concrete example like this?

---

For example, when you have the file `config/swiftlint_target.txt` with the following content,

```text
test1.swift
test2.swift
foo/test3.swift
```

then `sider.yml` should be below:

```yaml
linter:
  swiftlint:
    path: "@config/swiftlint_target.txt"
```

Author: Fixed. commit 3787542050fd55eb015785b0f6cfb1306b66dfb0

This option allows you to specify a file or directory to analyze.

> This also allows you to specify a special format `"@path/to/file"` (concatenation of `@` and a file name). You can create a file which contains a list of file names to be analyzed and pass it to the analyzer with this option.

Reviewer 2: How about using the word "prefix"? The relevant code uses `hasPrefix` internally.

https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint/blob/6d2e8cfc061ecfd73d711b7f607a1dc4bb2b0bda/Source/swiftlint/Helpers/LintableFilesVisitor.swift#L33

```suggestion
This also allows you to specify a special format `"@path/to/file"` (prefixed with `@`). You can create a file which contains a list of file names to be analyzed and pass it to the analyzer with this option.
```

Author: I was wondering the same thing. But a filename prefixed with @ such as "@files.lst" leads to misunderstanding that users should make a name of "@files.lst" not "files.lst".

Reviewer 2: Do you mean users may write like this "config/@swiftlint_target.txt"?

Author: Now that we have a concrete example, we can avoid misunderstanding. I will apply your suggestion.

Author: Fixed. commit 36bdba3d4a58b423817e31b841380199dde97092
